---
type: page
title: Heroku Logs
listed: true
slug: heroku
description: Mezmo provides an integration to stream, aggregate, and gain insights from Heroku logs
index_title: Heroku Logs
hidden: 
keywords: 
tags: 
---

You can set up Heroku log ingestion for Mezmo either by installing the Mezmo Heroku Add-on available in [the Heroku Elements Marketplace](https://elements.heroku.com/addons/logdna), or by setting up Heroku Log Drains. You may prefer to use Heroku log drains if you have a mixed distribution of Heroku apps and non-Heroku services. Instructions for both set up configurations are available in the Mezmo Web App.

## Set Up Heroku Log Ingestion

Follow the instructions in the Mezmo Web App to set up Heroku log ingestion using your Mezmo ingestion key.

1. Log in to [the Mezmo Web App](https://app.mezmo.com/account/signin).
2. In the bottom section of the left-hand navigation, click **Help**.
3. Select **Add Log Sources**. 
4. Under **Via platform**, click **Heroku**.
5. Follow the instructions to set up Heroku log ingestion using the method you prefer.
Note that your Mezmo ingestion key is automatically inserted into the configuration code.

{% callout type="info" title="Date Usage Charges for Multiple Heroku Apps" %}
If you have more than one Heroku app using the Mezmo Heroku add-on:

- The features from the most expensive Mezmo plan will apply to all of your apps
- The data for each Mezmo plan is additive, so if you have a plan with 10 MB and another with 20 MB, your total volume would be 30 MB
    - The data for each Mezmo plan is part of a total pool available to all your apps
{% /callout %}

{% callout type="info" title="Using the \"Share this Heroku App?\" Option in the Mezmo Add-on" %}
We don't recommend that you use this option. Enabling it will cause all of your logs to be grouped under the original Heroku app where you installed the add. This makes it difficult and confusing to distinguish which log lines came from which Heroku app. Instead, we strongly recommend that you install the add-on for each Heroku app that you want to send logs to Mezmo.
{% /callout %}

{% callout type="info" title="Enable Logging for Private Spaces for the Mezmo Add-on" %}
You must enable logging for Private Spaces when you create them to use Private Space Logging.
{% /callout %}

{% callout type="info" title="Finding Dyno Information" %}
If you expand the [context](https://docs.mezmo.com/docs/context) for a log line generated by a Heroku dyno, you can see the dyno information listed there. You can even filter by dyno using [a dyno field search](https://docs.mezmo.com/docs/search#field-search).

dyno:mydyno
{% /callout %}